Venezuela is in a desperate situation
Maduro has gone completely overboard as
hyperinflation has eviscerated the value
of their currency leaving people to take
to the streets you came here for the
truth today we are going to have our
focus on Venezuela and what has unfolded
there first I want to begin quickly with
this no money for Trump's wall plus six
other GOP issues missing from the1
trillion spending bill so we've had uh
many issues that have been discussed by
Trump things that are top priority
unfortunately in this spending bill it
doesn't really seem like they are
addressed and that's the thing about big
government you can take simple ideas
that people are support of in support
of and by the time it makes it to the
end of the line the Finish Line it's
nothing like what it started now I don't
know what's going to happen from this
bill I'm just saying in general that's
what happens with big governments that's
why the government needs to shrink less
money needs to be spent
overall there are you know such wastes
look at the NSA for example billions and
billions being spent on spying on its
own
people that sounds sounds like a good
place to start anyway this bill is
also
1,600 plus Pages how many times do we
see bills that are so
long there's no possible way that these
individuals signing it are going to be
able to read it in that period of time
it happens all the time these bills are
so bloated they can take so much of
unrelated
materials and nobody's ever going to
know because it's stuffed in there and
everybody just signs on the dot do you
want to spend the money or do you want
to shut down the government hurry up
sign on the dot that's sort of the fear
that's being used even on those in
Congress now speaking of
Congress you remember what I covered
recently that Maduro
in Venezuela absolved
eradicated the legislature so think
about where you live either Congress or
Parliament he got rid of
it Venezuela's president Nicholas Maduro
called for a popular assembly to write a
new constitution a fresh attempt to
consolidate his hold on the nation and
an escalation of a crisis that has
brought hundreds of thousands into the
streets this is a power grab it's a
continued power
grab that you have been witnessing
before your very eyes the opposition
decried Monday's move as an illegal
power grab they said that Venezuela
whose economy and Society are afraid to
the breaking point I think it's beyond
that was slipping further into
authoritarian rule I believe this is
what has been going
on that you can see this escalation
taking place and it's not being read in
the history books we are watching it
happen today connected in with
this is the point made right here
opposition leaders immediately objected
charging that writing a new constitution
would give Maduro an excuse to put off
the election schedule for this year and
a presidential election to be held in
2018 and Maduro can use this
opportunity to
potentially stop elections for the
foreseeable future who knows saying look
there's a crisis we can't deal with this
now and it doesn't surprise me wouldn't
surprise me in fact if that occurs those
in government
have one priority and that is expand the
government what I would say here is that
the more they go out the more they grab
the worse the conditions will be for
those in
Venezuela amid hungry violent looting
Venezuelan shopkeepers fortify their
businesses those individual shopkeepers
are having places torn apart looted and
robbed and stolen
from and these individuals haven't done
anything wrong
potentially you can see this happening
every single time globally look at it
happening in major cities when there's
political unrest a political crisis
forming what about during natural
disasters you see the same thing
happening over and over again you see it
happening all around the world and it is
just happening now in
Venezuela let's move on
here in the cramped Hillside slums where
they once adored Hugo Chavez hungry
families now jiren bang pots at the man
struggling in his shadow president
Nicholas Maduro and then basically what
they say is Chavez used to go around
giving hugs and kisses to people and now
Maduro goes out on the streets and he
gets eggs thrown at
him times have changed but certainly the
crisis is a lot worse than it was at
that
time now we have
hyperinflation going on right now the
value of their currency is essentially
worthless and the people are suffering
look at the videos and the pictures of
what is happening right now
in Venezuela you will be amazed to see
how bad it has become so quickly in just
a few short years it went from they have
bad inflation in Venezuela to okay it's
a war zone get the heck out of there
I've talked to so many people from
Venezuela and still I encourage everyone
if you are from Venezuela you can pass
information to me and I will bring it to
the public if you know of something
going on share it with me and I will
bring it to the public I assure
you
now this isn't the only country where we
have looting and rioting and everything
else going
on Brazilian protesters torch buses
clashed with police in several cities
and marched on the president's residence
on Friday amid the nation's first
general strike in more than two decades
this could happen for any reason but I
often find it's part of this there are
pushing austerity measures through
Congress bills that would weaken labor
laws and trim generous pension system
that they have in place people are used
to having certain things whether that's
the entitlement programs the social
assistance programs think about it all
of the Medicare and Medicaid the
unemployment benefits you have the uh
insurance you have all of these systems
that are set up there as a safety net
for people what if they are you know
let's say a little pulled
back or it is taken away completely you
would have riots on the streets you
would have clashes with police and you
would have looting and civil unrest and
everything else well that just happens
to be happening to certain cities
certain countries it may not be
happening to you right now but you can
see that the foundation is being laid to
encounter these same things so I warn
you be prepared if you are in the
metropolises around the
world you will have a difficult time at
some point so that's why we need to
be a little bit more wise I'll leave
that at that for this
video Switching gears you think Google
search is free Austria seeks to Tax It
Anyway this is how you control
information the internet is going more
towards a very very controlled
system no different than what we see
with cable TV what we see with even
satellite TV and the radio you have
these different commissions that are set
up that say what can or cannot be said
there's sort of free speech on there but
ultimately the real stuff never gets
talked about and that's what's happening
with the internet right now they'll use
different excuses and some of them are
good but ultimately the point is made is
that you sort of you you condense it
down and you really strangle it and hold
it down and just the truth is
essentially
disappearing it's uh quite unfortunate
that that's the way it's happening I'm
not necessarily saying about this but
I'm just using this as a a prop
essentially avocado prices are
skyrocketing just wanted to note this
yes that's happening right now a lot of
that is due to simple supply and demand
fundamentals but the reason I mentioned
this is because everything is
increasing the value of the currency is
depreciating as a result food
electricity everything else seems to be
rising I also wanted to mention the fact
that we
see A disruption in Food Supplies energy
whatever it might be causes these
Commodities to increase in price so that
shock could
disrupt what you normally have to deal
with
and let's say food makes
up 10% of your income for example all of
a sudden There's A disruption in a
particular commodity something you
generally consume let's just say wheat
so now wheat prices have multiplied that
bread you have every day is multiplying
in price now instead of 5 10% let's say
it's 15 or 20% well that hurts a lot of
people particularly those where food
makes up a larger percentage of their
income that's all I wanted to note is
these disruptions how do you prevent
that well you start to become
self-sufficient that's why I made it
such a big focus in my latest book so we
don't have these problems or at least we
minimize them Walt Disney World plans to
deploy driverless shuttles in Florida
yet again going towards robots and
automation I'm sure people enjoy being
driven around by robots and it's all
fine and dandy I think it's great I
think technology is great you don't have
to have a person behind they're driving
other individuals around but you have a
very big problem here because you know
that guy used to be there and he was
able to you know have his little house
and he was able to put his kids through
school and everything else and now he's
out of a
job that's the
problem there's a lot of good that r
Bots and automation do I'm not denying
that I'm just saying that in the short
term I believe there's going to be a lot
of job losses even Elon Musk made this
mention he said that because of the
amount of people that work in these
different positions driving uh positions
we are going to need to find jobs for
these people they will be displaced very
quickly I happen to agree with that
statement if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative the first book is about
the four asset classes how to profit
from it and the new book talks a lot
about that
self-sufficiency talk about this you
know the solar panels talking about
growing your own food to get away from
the monetary system Al together or at
least minimize it so if you're
interested in either of these just go
over to Amazon because they have this
look inside feature that will allow you
to flip through the pages of these books
and see if you like them take care